
# ZneT Bionics

An app that makes studying and recording the biomechanics easier and more efficient. 

## Prerequisites
- [Conda](https://www.anaconda.com/download/)



## Installation


### Step 1. Install interface

Download the latest release version using this link:
- <https://mega.nz/folder/WXQAzazD#71WtP-WlprtmYorqCpLRhg>
Then extract the .zip folder to your desired destination.

### Step 2. Install websockets server
 Download the .zip folder or clone the repository using this link:
- <https://github.com/Andr0m3da26/znetlocal>
Then extract the .zip folder to your desired destination.

### Step 3. Install dependencies
Open Anaconda Prompt and create a conda environment using the requirements.txt
```bash
  conda create --name znetlocal --file requirements.txt
```
> If you receive an InvalidArchiveError for certain package, like tensorflow, then use
> pip to install the package/s instead.

```bash
  conda install pip
  pip install <package_that_cannot_be_installed_by_conda>
```

## Setup

**Step 1.** Run websockets server

**Step 2.** Run interface


## Tutorials

### Tutorial 1 | Analyse a video
**Step 1.** Start by creating a new project by pressing the file options button located in the top right of the screen. 

File options > New Project > (Select project directory) > (Enter project name)

The root folder of the project will be created in the chosen directory with two folders in it: *Data* and *Videos*.

**Step 2.** Add a video to the Videos folder and select it. The video should display in the main window.

**Step 3.** Expand the dropdown and toggle on the Virtual Canvas. This will display the body joints on a black canvas to the right of the video. A video of the virtual canvas should appear in the *Videos* folder..

**Step 4.** Switch to the graph rack by pressing the button to the right of the file options button. You should see an untitled graph that has been generated by the Virtual Canvas and select the graph to display it. The graph data should appear in the *Data* folder as a .txt file.

### Tutorial 2 | Analyse webcam footage in real time
**Step 1.** Start by creating a new project by pressing the file options button located in the top right of the screen. 

File options > New Project > (Select project directory) > (Enter project name)

The root folder of the project will be created in the chosen directory with two folders in it: *Data* and *Videos*.

**Step 2.** Expand the dropdown and toggle on the camera. This will display your camera in the main window.

**Step 3.** Toggle the Virtual Canvas feature under the camera button to display the body joints on a black canvas to the right of the camera footage in real time.

**Step 4.** Start recording by pressing the record button located in the media controls panel at the bottom of the screen.

**Step 5.** Switch to the graph rack while the camera is still recording by pressing the button to the right of the file options button. You should see an untitled graph that has been generated. Select the graph to display it. The graph should update in real time.

**Step 6.** When desired, switch back to the video display screen and stop recording. Videos of the camera recording and the virtual canvas should appear in the *Videos* folder, and the graph data should appear in the *Data* folder as a .txt file.




